[docs] update tangle and dkg documentation (#85)
webb-tools/webb-docs: pages/docs/protocols/dkg/key-rotation.mdx

4. Once this signature is posted, anyone can propagate it.
   - Any relayer.
   - Any user who wants to update the governor of their contract.

# Key rotation flow

> The onchain keys are rotate every session, this is done so that the dkg validators and network validators are aligned. At the end of the session, the
> dkg-gadget triggers the process to generate a new key. The new key is generated by the new onchain authorities, these authorities then work together
> to generate a new key and signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The on-chain keys are rotate every session, this is done so that the DKG validators and network validators are aligned. At the end of the session, the `dkg-gadget` triggers the process to generate a new key. The new key is generated by the new on-chain authorities, these authorities then work together to generate a new key and signature.
```
